I go to run errands, I'm unreliable, I never answer the phone
OK
Sounds urgent.
What are you doing?
Looking like you have done something wrong
How did I get it?
I'm just here to touch up my makeup backstage.
What are you doing here?
The awards are coming soon.
I'm here to change clothes
This was Ebert's custom, after all.
Have to wear a different dress and follow the procedure
Otherwise, it will be abandoned by fashion brands
You won't be able to wear a limited edition haute couture in the future
Just because you want to win the award
You don't have any work.
Just an anonymous amateur
Do you take the head to receive the award?
I'm the one who's going to change clothes to receive the award
You hurry out
What are you doing, get out and let me go
Wait, I'll let you wear it.
What a pity!
Such a beautiful dress
No, there's a fire inside